=Android Agenda=

'''Author''': Brian Reber

'''Purpose''': Provide a highly customizable widget experience for displaying upcoming events on the user's calendars

Download the app from the Android Market (https://market.android.com/details?id=org.reber.agenda)

==Changelog==

===Version 1.1.6===
-Adding German translation
-Bug fixes

===Version 1.1.5===
-Adding Spanish translation

===Version 1.1.4===
-Adding preliminary support for multiple widgets
-Adding ability to open the default "Add an event" app
-Bug fixes

===Version 1.1.3===
-Bug fixes

===Version 1.1.2===
-Added Russian translation. Huge thanks to Alexander Tatevyan and <nowiki>[CPR]-AL.exe</nowiki> for their translations!
-Add the ability to view full details of an event in your phone's default calendar app by clicking on it in the list. Note, this is still a beta feature, so it might not work fully on your phone.

===Version 1.1.1===
-Adding support for localization (month names should now display in the phone's selected language)
-Adding support for landscape view of widget
-You can now select font size for widget. Options are small, medium or large. Large is what the widget used previously.

===Version 1.1.0===
-Fix bug causing Agenda app to not open when clicking on widget
-Fix widget updating frequency
-Adding option to scroll through multiple events in the configuration when adding the widget to the homescreen, and then click on the event text on the widget. By enabling this, you will have to click on the calendar icon on the widget to open your specified app.

===Version 1.0.5===
-Updating icons to higher res

===Version 1.0.4===
-Fix bug causing widget to not be able to display
-Node: On Android 2.1 and lower, widget background color can't be personalized. This is a restriction of the OS

===Version 1.0.3===
-Bug fixes

===Version 1.0.2===
-Added support for 24-hour time display
-Display the current events in the app's list

===Version 1.0.1===
-Code cleanup

===Version 1.0.0===
-Initial Release